# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** (T) - has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.
 
### Date : 13-01-2020
### Time : 03:45
### Topic: First Client Meet
### Attendees: 
* Prakash Yalla (Client)
* Eesha Dutta (Mentor)
* Kalyan Adithya
* Sai Shashank
* Abhishek Reddy
* Jaiwanth Mandava 

Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
I | Developing a deception strategy so as to eradicate the mosquitoes. | - | -
I | Generally mosquitoes start their travel from a place, end up at a suitable place for breeding.| - | -
D | Creation of a simualtor tool that simulates Tempurature, Humidity, CO2, Wind speed and direction for initial phase.| - | -
D | Possible interaction with professor Venkateshwarulu about mosquito eradication techniques. | - | -
D | Should identify the start and end points of the mosquito corridors based on the data (provided from the micro sensors deployed) and the logic (provided by the client).These mosquito corridors should be visualised geographically using a map. | - | -
D | Should recommend a suitable strategy (among Blowing wind and Thermal fogging) for mosquito eradication (based on the data provided from mosquito sensors). | - | -
D | The strategy recommended need to be communicated to Drone deployer. | - | -
D | A Web App need to be developed consiting of two types of users: Admin, who will be able to change the logic and able to see the map with start and end points of mosquito corridors. ;and Drone deployer who will be able to see the map with start and end points of mosquito corridors and the path they follow and also gets the messages about the startegy to be followed for mosquito eradication. | - | -
D | A Mobile App need to be developed, consisting of Users who will be able to click "SOS" button, which sends admin the location of probable mosquito corridors . | - | - .| - | -
